Updated the docs, though I'm not sure it's used much anymore. (#3694)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: docs/assembling_twir.md

## Updates from the Rust Community

> The full editoral staff works together to cover this section, but the primary contributors are [@extrawurst](https://github.com/extrawurst), [@ericseppanen](https://github.com/ericseppanen), and [@cdmistman](https://github.com/cdmistman). 

Reviewer: Would it make sense to note that @nellshamrell provides lead editorial guidance for the overarching process?

Author: yes! That absolutely does. Want to add something in there, or want me to?

Reviewer: I'll defer to your judgment :)

## Events

> [@andrewpollack](https://github.com/andrewpollack) currently covers this section, but would welcome help from additional editors!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@andrewpollack](https://github.com/andrewpollack) and @mariannegoldin](https://github.com/mariannegoldin) currently cover this section, but would welcome help from additional editors!
```

Reviewer 2: Absolutely! Merging this commit (with a minor edit on the suggestion formatting) :raised_hands:
